<session-factory>  
        <property name="hbm2ddl.auto">create</property>  
        <property name="dialect">org.hibernate.dialect.Oracle9Dialect</property>  
        <property name="connection.url">jdbc:oracle:thin:@localhost:1521:xe</property>  
        <property name="connection.username">hr</property>  
        <property name="connection.password">hr</property>  
        <property name="connection.driver_class">oracle.jdbc.driver.OracleDriver</property>  
    <!-- <mapping resource="employee.hbm.xml"/> -->
     <mapping class="fully define class name"/>
</session-factory> 




VIPIN S
vipinsarang@gmail.com

Contact No  
Mobile: 09400416456

Permanent Address
Padma Vilas
Chenkottukonam
Thundathil.P.O.
Thiruvananthapuram
Kerala-695581		
                                                                            
























Personal Information

Age                   31
D-O-B               22-12-1986
Sex                   Male
Nationality        Indian
Father Name   D.Sarangadharan
Mother Name  Sobhana.V.








	Objectives    
 
 To excel the organization by delivering the best out of me, prioritizing quality and efficiency, contributing towards the growth of the organization along with continuous self  improvement. 

Professional Qualification
    
   B.TECH. in Electronics & Communication with aggregate of 62.2%
from Government Engineering College, Idukki, Kerala.(2009 batch)
(Mahathma Gandhi University)

Company
From August 2017 to till present working with UST Global, Trivandrum as Systems Analyst. 
From February 2017 to July 2017 worked with Infosys, Trivandrum as Technology Analyst.
From November 2015 to February 2017 worked in Interland Technology Services Pvt Ltd, Technopark as Software Engineer.       
From June 2013 to June 2015 worked in UST Global, Technopark, Kerala as Software Developer.         
From March 2011 to June 2013 worked in E-Team Informatica India Pvt Ltd, Technopark, Kerala as Associate Software Developer. 
Software Experiences

•	Experience in the design and implementation of dynamic Web-based applications using Java EE server-side technology.
•	Involved in Software Development Life Cycle (design, coding, testing)
•	Developed presentation layer using HTML, CSS, and Jquery.
•	Design and development of tables in MySQL, Oracle and MS SQL database and creation of DAO classes. 
•	Extensive development of projects using Spring MVC, Hibernate, Web Services and JSP using Eclipse IDE.
•	Implemented validation of forms using JQuery. 
•	Created connections to database to retrieve and store data to the database.
•	Expert in Eclipse IDE.
•	Involved in testing and implementation.

Programming and Designing Skills

		Java(J2SE, J2EE), JSP, Servlet, JavaScript, JQuery, JQuery Ajax, AngularJS, HTML, CSS, JSON,XML, Kony.







	

Database
		MySQL, Oracle, MS SQL.
Frameworks
		Spring MVC, Hibernate

Projects in Ust Global
?	Small Task Tracker

Small Task Tracker is a web application for finding the estimate of the number of days required to complete the task assigned to each member of  the team. The hours need to complete the tasks are calculated with respective to the leaves and the estimated time for development, testing and deployment of each task. The application is having provision to add users, applications, the effort in hours for development,testing and deployment and to enter leaves. The application is having a dashboard in which the percentage of tasks completed by the team members can be viewed.
Spring MVC, Hibernate, JQuery and JSP are used for developing this project.


?	FACE

FACE is a SOAP based Java Web Service project. Total Mobile is having an Android application which is the web service client. FACE is a web service project for accessing database in Allianz network and it acts as an intermediate for communication between Total Mobile and the database in Allianz network. The project was developed in 2013 and my role was to upgrade the Java version from 1.6 to 1.8 and JBoss EAP(Enterprise Application Platform) to 6.4. The project was developed using Spring Framework and JDBC. The dependency injection concept of Spring Framework is mainly used in this project. The wsdl file is generated and shared with the Total Mobile for the client side web service development.

Project in Infosys

?	POS

The point of sale (POS) is the time and place where a retail transaction is completed. At the point of sale, the merchant would calculate the amount owed by the customer and indicate the amount, and may prepare an invoice for the customer (which may be a cash register printout), and indicate the options for the customer to make payment. It is also the point at which a customer makes a payment to the merchant in exchange for goods or after provision of a service. After receiving payment, the merchant may issue a receipt for the transaction.
Our project, POS is for a US based mobile network service provider. Spring MVC, Hibernate and AngularJS are used to develop the project.

Projects in Interland Technology Services

?	ITS(Ecommerce project)

This is a dynamic bilingual website (ITS-Ecommerce) where multiple merchants (sellers) can register their information along with product details. This web application will display whole product details in a dynamic fashion and will provide the functionality to purchase.
Customers (consumers) of this website will register their details and will purchase multiple products from different merchants. Each purchase will be registered in our system as a single transaction. Customer can make the online payment through our system and can keep track of each of the transactions done. Our web application will have an administrator who have the complete authority to manage the whole website.
This web application will manage the products of each merchant. A single merchant will have a primary contact (email address which is unique in the system), which will be the main administrator for that merchant and will have multiple sub-admin who have limited access than the main administrator. Each sub administrator of merchant will login to the corresponding merchant’s page and can view, manage, create the activities for that particular merchant whom he/she is registered. 
Each merchant will be from different industry sector like small, mid-level, corporate. Merchant will have a unique company registration number called cr number which is in multi-character format. Another unique identification number called zakka number is also collected from every merchant. Based on these number future integration with Govt. services can be done easily from the system. These information are collected from the merchants not as a mandatory for this particular period of time. 
Spring MVC, Hibernate, JQuery and JSP are used for developing this project.

?	Escrow

An escrow account is a temporary pass through account held by a third party during the process of a transaction between two parties. This is a temporary account as it operates until the completion of a transaction process, which is implemented after all the conditions between the buyer and the seller are settled. In real estate, the fund flows for the development of the project from any source is kept in the escrow account and the funds utilised for the same are also generated from the escrow account. Even the buyers of the housing units in a project transfer the home price to the escrow account and the amount is not transferred to the seller until the project is completed.
Sometimes the construction linked payments are disbursed to the seller from the escrow account so that the builder has sufficient funds for completion of the project. Sellers also benefit from the prioritization mechanism, also called waterfall mechanism, wherein the priority based payments are made to the concerned parties.

Spring MVC, Hibernate, JQuery and JSP are used for developing this project.

Projects in UST Global
?	Optima Health

‘Optima Health’ application was a customized version of Kony Healthcare Payer application, a Vertical Application from Kony for Healthcare domain. 
This application for Optima Health was to be made available on Android and iOS platform and was intended to help the end-user to 
·Search for doctors, urgent care centers and pharmacies
·View the account summary, benefit details, claim details
·Browse through the available shop plans
·Search for drug data.
Our dev customized the existing Kony Healthcare vertical application on Mobile Web, Android and iOS platform for Optima Health. The application has been available on Appstore and Google Play store for the past one year and haven’t received any support tickets till date.
Account: Sentara Healthcare

?	Release Calendar

‘Release Calendar’ was a mobile web application for showing the details of upcomming and released movies of Warner Bros. This app was developed using Kony One Studio. The movie details can be viewed in date wise order.  

A condensed movie summary panel slides in/out at the bottom of the page
Account: Warner Bros

?	UGT(Universal Group Tracking)
The Universal group tracking (UGT) application is a tool used to enter and track prospect, new and renewing groups through the Anthem business departments. This system was developed for avoiding the duplication of effort in application maintenance and difficulties in creating the reports.

Account: Wellpoint (Anthem)

Projects in eTeam Informatica
?	www.carlag.it

Carlag is a women dress material shop’s site. Carlag is a well known women dress material brand in Italy. The details of their products and their stores are available in the site. The CRUD functionality is implemented in the backend with sorting searching and pagination.

User can dynamically change the contents of front end by adding data on the backend.

JSP,HTML,CSS, Jquery, JQuery Ajax and MySQL were used to develop the site.

?	Iarp

Iarp is an application to manage the refrigirator cabinets in a manufacturing company. This application allows the repairer, packer and quality manager to update the status of the cabinet. The CRUD functionality is implemented in the backend with sorting searching and pagination.
This application was developed in MVC architecture.

JSP,Servlet,HTML,CSS, Jquery, JQuery Ajax and MySQL were used to develop the application.

?	SanGiulio
SanGiulio is a website of electricity and gas supplying agency in Italy. Home page, about us, services, careers and contact us are included in the front end. The CRUD functionality is implemented in the backend with sorting searching and pagination.
User can dynamically change the contents of front end by adding data on the backend.
JSP,HTML,CSS, Jquery, JQuery Ajax and MySQL were used to develop the site.

General Assets

?	Good Communication Skill,
?	Quick learning,
?	Hard Working, 
?	Easy Moving and Flexible, 
?	Good Team Spirit, 
?	Punctual and Obedient.
Experience
	.
A total of 6 years and 4 months experience(5 years and 4 months experience in Java/J2EE and 1 year experience in Kony).

DECLARATION :


I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated here in above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place 	: Trivandrum				                        
Date 	: 09-01-2018		                     							VIPIN S                                  
