

https://www.happinessishomemade.net/awesome-minute-to-win-it-birthday-party-games/

cookies/carrom mens:

--1 players from each team can participate at a time total 10 players.
--Total 3 rounds will be conducted.
--Time-whoever completes first is the winner.
--The team with maximum score will win it .


SCOOP IT UP:
Using nothing but a spoon in your mouth, transfer six ping pong balls from one bowl to another) in less than one minute. No hands! Hands are only allowed if you drop the ping pong ball, and then they can be used to place the ball back into the original bowl for another transfer attempt. 2-3 players compete for each round of play.

MOVIN’ ON UP: 
Each player starts with a stack of 25 red cups with one blue cup at the top of the stack. Start by moving the top blue cup to the bottom of the stack, and continue moving cups from the top to the bottom until the blue cup is back at the bottom of the stack again. Again, we modified this from the original adult version of the game that calls for 40 cups, and found that 26 cups was a great amount for the kids to work with. 2-3 children per round of competition works well.


NUTSTACKER:
Thread five hex nuts onto a wooden skewer. Using only one hand on the skewer, stack up all of the nuts in under one minute. Since this game requires the table to stay as still as possible, only two players compete per round.

JUNK IN THE TRUNK:
This game was another crowd favorite! To prepare for this game, empty a tissue box, and use an Xacto knife to make two slits into the bottom of the box. Thread an adjustable belt or wide ribbon through the two slits to create a tissue-box-on-a-belt. Removing the thin plastic barrier from the tissue box opening will make game play easier (for younger children) or keep it intact for more challenging play.

To play the game, strap the tissue box onto the player’s back, and fill it with 6-8 ping pong balls (we used 6, but 8 would be appropriate for older children and adults). Shake, shimmy, jump, and dance around until all of the balls have fallen out of the tissue box. No using your hands and no laying down! This game is hysterical to watch in action!

DEFY GRAVITY:
Using only one hand, players must keep two balloons from touching the ground for one minute. For a more challenging game, increase the amount to three balloons per player (and use different colored balloons for each player to make it easy to differentiate!). No holding the balloons!  2 players per round of competition worked well to give the players ample space to knock their balloons around.

YANK ME AROUND
What You’ll Need: Paper or plastic cups and heavyweight cardstock (cut into squares).

How to Play: Stack the cups into a tower with a sheet of cardstock in between each cup (adjust the number of cups depending on the level of difficulty that you desire). Quickly and carefully yank out each piece of cardstock so that the cups fall and nest into a single stack. If you knock the tower over, set it up and begin again. Award points to players who successfully complete the task in under a minute or you may choose to award points for each cup that is successfully stacked once time has run out.

Notes: We’ve discovered over the course of playing Yank Me Around several times that it also works REALLY well to flick the cards out instead of yanking them out. Depending on the level of difficulty that you desire, you may wish to allow younger players to flick the cards as well as yanking them.

